Hey, hey, hey. Welcome to Tech Talk Tuesday. Guess what else I recorded today along with
Tech Talk Tuesday? A new video. That's right. Like an actual real video. It's coming. I mean,
hopefully you'll see it tomorrow as long as Dave gets the editing done. I mean, we'll see,
we'll see. But dude, I broke the writer's block. I'm finally doing it again. It feels good, man.
Let's hope I don't somehow destroy myself. But for now things are going okay. Okay. Let's see
what we've got today. Disgusting. Disgusting. I just wanted to talk about drive-through because
I'm a whore for Taco Bell. Yeah. And do you know how they greeted me? How? They said,
hello ma'am. You are a ma'am. And then after handing me my food, said, thank you ma'am,
have a good day. Bitch, what about me? Says ma'am. I have a fucking red mullet. Your voice.
Your voice, dude, your face. Everything about you screams ma'am. You're a tomboy. All right.
I hate to say it. I think I'm like 99% done with the non-binary thing. I know there's like a few
people that it really does work for, but most of these people, they're just tomboys. They'd be
tomboys back in the nineties and two thousands. No one would give a shit. There's a strange phenomenon
now where like, if you're young, you're kind of exploring the world, right? Like you're kind of
like, you're striking out on your own for your first time. You're developing your own personality,
your own sense of self. So maybe you're going to be like emo or going to be goth or maybe you're
going to be like a scene kid or like, you know, this is how it was back in the day, right?
You would just be like, what works for me? I'm going to experiment with style. We're
an experiment with like ways of presenting and ways of like, like, how am I going to be myself?
And all these experimentations, it was kind of dumb and cringy, but like it's young kids,
fine. You know, kids, sometimes 20 somethings, you know, they're doing whatever they're figuring
themselves out all completely normal, completely fine. However, there was this expectation that
for most of them, not all of them, but most of them, they would grow out of it. All right.
Most emo girls did not remain emo girls throughout high school and then throughout college and then
into their thirties when they started having kids, their styles changed as they got older.
That's normal. That's natural. However, you can't say that it's like a stylistic choice
that is going to be something to grow out of later because now it's not a stylistic choice.
It's a gender. Now it's a gender and you're a bigot if you say, oh, oh, you're a tomboy.
You might grow out of that. No, no. It's my gender now. I fucking hate this shit. Like,
it's so stupid. You are a girl. There's nothing masculine about you. You're not non-binary.
Get over it. The caption here is you guys, this TikTok filter keeps misgendering me. Look,
okay. Let's see. Let's see. Okay. Let's go. Oh, no, no fucking way. No way. Oh,
missing an anime. Okay. Okay. We're going to try this. Okay. Let's see.
Hell no. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Okay. Let's try again. Okay.
Dude, that last one was me with my, my, my like SFO kind of avatars drawn. Sometimes, sometimes,
sometimes it'd be like that. It's, it's, it's really funny. It's probably frustrating to be
like a trans woman with like a masculine jaw. And then like the TikTok filter draws
you as a man every time. That's frustrating, but it's also pretty funny, dude. Ooh, there's a Ninja.
Yeah. That's funny. I think the funniest content on the internet nowadays, isn't like this highly
produced content from like corporate channels. It's just random people doing goofy shit,
like on their own and they're like in their houses or in their front lawns or whatever.
It's always been that I've always been the funniest stuff. It's always been the best stuff
on the internet, dude. Oh, I've heard about this one. So this is like a leftist who confronts a,
um, a Christian protester over it's either abortion or it's trans stuff or it's something,
but they try to rope in like a Muslim protester thinking that because they're Muslim,
they're part of the progressive stack and they're going to join them. But it goes,
okay, you just have to watch it. I've seen this before. Okay, let's go.
They agree, dude. They're Muslims. They agree.
You can't say anything against the Brown religion because it'd be racist.
Muslims win out in the progressive stack. It's the LGBTs.
Yeah. He's like, I just got to leave. I can't fucking cut dude.
Cucked liberals are saying this shit. Real liberals, not like American,
like leftist liberals, real liberals are saying this shit like eight years ago,
like don't bring in a bunch of people who are going to be anti LGBT and expect them to side
with you on your next progressive project. There is no solidarity there. They fucking hate you,
dude. They hate your way of life. They think it's sinful. It's sodomy. It's all this like, they,
no, they don't like this shit, man. The progressive's abandoned liberalism then
like threw themselves to the wolves. No one deserves to die. Like no one's saying anyone
on the side deserves to die. You're all saying that shit. You're saying they're all colonizers.
To do this. Like I think if not all of them, a large majority of them had to serve in the
military at one point and they're occupying Palestinian land. So yeah.
So yeah, you just want to kill the Jews. Simple as that, right? I'm going to have to do a video,
I think on the Israel Palestine thing. I mean, maybe not the entire history of the conflict.
That's a very, very long history to be honest, but just the recent reaction of like seeing so
many leftists come out as Nazis and we all knew those of us who like are in the center,
we all knew they were Nazis deep down. We were waiting for them to show it. It took them like
years, but they finally did show it. The good moral pro working class left that never actually
existed. They're all just like bloodthirsty freaks. Let me correct myself real quick.
Socialist. There are some good progressives. I mean, I'm not a progressive, but there are
some okay progressives, but like most socialists are just garbage.
Well, what is she doing? Oh my God. Just, just ruin everything. Get the fuck out, lady.
Yep. Got to fight her, dude. No more of this shoplifting,
no more of this destroying places shit. Fuck you.
Don't record. No, I'm record. I record this shit too.
Oh, white trash is arresting you? Dude. Fuck this bitch, man. She's getting what she deserves.
Oh my God. Is she possessed? Take me to jail. Fucking hell dude. Oh my God.
There might be another one that I have kind of saved up where it's like more,
you know, more shoplifting or like fights in the, in the store kind of footage.
I'm going to find it real quick. Oh yeah. Here's the second half of it.
Why, what do you mean racist?
You're being arrested for trash in the store. You fucking moron.
Dude, uh, Walmart is racist. Now I have more of an excuse to shop there. Okay. This,
this woman's fucking delusional, man. She's like, I hate that we have actually gotten to
this point where you have black people who act this ridiculously in public and then shriek
once they're like rightly stopped that Walmart is racist or the cops are racist or that you're
racist or that someone else is racist. It's like, shut the fuck up lady. But yeah, here's the other
one. I got a mutex that has some cooperative music in it. And I was like, we're not gonna take it.
You know that song? Well, this guy's shoplifting here, right? And it's just, I think it's random
customers that are holding them back now. It's like, no, you don't. Everyone is tired
of people shoplifting. They're tired of like the social fabric being frayed in their communities.
They're tired of stores losing money and going out of business and closing up because they can't shop
there anymore. Everyone's tired of this shit. And if the stores aren't going to get involved
and the cops aren't going to get involved in the security, isn't going to get involved.
Now you have customers getting involved. I've been saying this for like every tick talk Tuesday,
all year long. This is escalating and it's getting worse. These thieves are making things worse for
themselves and for everyone. This is not a good situation. I feel like Hannah Montana. Yeah.
Because how am I a hair salon receptionist? Yeah. And also playing EVC this month. Oh dude,
she's doing it. That's awesome. Good for her. She made it. I guess she's just pissed that she also
has to keep that day job right now. But I mean, that's a pretty big crowd. It seems like her
career is growing. You know, the side hustle is working out. What's the problem? Oh, the person
who sent me the sent along a tweet that was accompanying it. Let's take a look at it here.
Okay. The person who posted the video said it's okay to have a day job to support your dream job.
And then the actual girl in the video replied with the comments on this shit is like goals and girl
boss. I am not a girl boss. I am a victim to capitalism. I am drowning. It's a cry for help.
Are you shitting me lady? You're bitching because your dream job can't actually support
you. Is that what you're bitching about? Do you think you'd be able to even have this dream job
under any other economic system? The answer is no. The commissar would point the gun at you and
say, dig the fucking holes or even more likely get on your fucking back. Cause that's how,
that's how this shit works when you're not living in a capitalist society. I'm a victim to
capitalism. Yeah. You mean the system that allows you to do this shit in the first place. Fuck you.
All right, guy. I hate the entitlement of these fucking people. Oh man. My side hustle isn't
working out and I'm not the big fucking star that I thought I would be. Guess what? Keep working or
not, or give up and bitch about on the internet. Like I don't fucking care. You are not drowning
because you have to provide for yourself. You fucking child. All right. Let's do one final
short one to, uh, to round the day off. Oh, oh, oh, oh my God. Oh, the food, dude. Oh,
I, there was music in that one too, but oh, oh man. My soul just sunk as soon as that happened.
Oh, it's all, it's all gone. Well, that was kind of a downward end. Nothing bugs a fat guy more
than losing all the food. Okay. Listen, thanks for being here. Everyone. Thanks for watching all the
tech talks today. As I said, new video recorded, hopefully you'll see it tomorrow. And of course
I'm streaming tonight. So I want you to come by and say hi. I'll see you there.
Have a good one guys. I love you.